Issue #3204 Luau Comments (#3320)
Codecademy/docs: content/luau/concepts/comments/comments.md

---
Title: 'Comments' 

> Description: 'Comments in Luau are used to add explanatory or descriptive notes within the code. They are ignored by the interpreter and do not affect the execution of the program.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Comments are used to add explanatory or descriptive notes within a script or program.'
```

Subjects: 
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags: 
  - 'Comments'
  - 'Documentation'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-luau'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> A **comment**  is text that the Luau parser ignores at runtime. They are useful for documenting code, leaving reminders for future modifications, or temporarily disabling code without removing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **comment** is text that the Luau parser ignores at runtime. They are useful for documenting code, leaving reminders for future modifications, or temporarily disabling code without removing it.
```

## Single-line Comments

In Luau, single-line comments are created witha double hyphen `--`. Single-line comments extend to the end of the line.

```lua

> type Point = { x: number, y :number }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type Point = { x: number, y: number }
```

-- This is a single-line comment.
-- It will not affect the execution of the program.
local p: Point = { x = 3, y = 4 }
print(p.x, p.y)
```

## Multi-line Comments

> In Luau, multi-line or block comments are created using double hyphens and double brackets `--[[ ]]`. The compiler does not read any text in between. Multi-line comments commonly used at the top of files to describe their purpose or before functions to describe their intent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Luau, multi-line or block comments are created using double hyphens and double brackets `--[[ ]]`. The compiler does not read any text in between. Multi-line comments are commonly used at the top of files to describe the purpose of a library or module, before functions to describe their intent, and in many other cases.
```
